ref(releases): Further clarify the meaning of "crashed" sessions (#2839)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/releases/health.mdx

Crashed

> : The app had an explicit unhandled error or hard crash. You'll typically be able to see the corresponding issue in Sentry that captures this event. To search for them in _Discover_ or _Issue Stream_, filter by `handled:no`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: The app had an explicit unhandled error or hard crash. You'll typically be able to view the corresponding issue in Sentry that captures this event. To search for them in **Discover** or on the **Issues** page, filter by `handled:no`.
```

Author: Can we specify in some style guide which style we want to use? I'm still following the conventions put forward in https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-docs/issues/441, which are applied throughout most of docs.

Abnormal

: The application timed out, froze, or was forced to quit by the operating system. There is usually no corresponding Sentry issue, as this is a passive action.

Errored

> : The app shut down normally, but there were handled errors in the session. Most likely, there are issues/errors in Sentry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: The app shut down normally, but the session experienced handled errors. Typically, you'll be able to view any issues/errors in sentry.io.
```
